So welcome back, guys.
Now that we have learned the core concept of Beijing and its tables, it's a time for us to see what
are the challenges and problems we will come across with space tables and Beijing space tables.
And Beijing is not a 100 percent perfect solution for main memory management and operating systems based
tables and paging mechanism have their own problems.
So in this section of the course, we're going to discuss, we will discuss what are the shortcomings
of peace tables and what are the solutions that we have to address those shortcomings and in turn,
what are the drawbacks of those solutions?
So there are basically three problems with peace tables.
First problem is the best table size matters.
The second problem is that in order to stir up a stable and mean memory, you need contiguous chunk
of main memory.
Right.
And the third problem is the page table hominess for the small processors here.
Small processors are those processors which are not much more intensive.
Are those processors whose memory requirement is very low.
So, guys, in the coming lectures, we will going to discuss each of these problems off base table
in detail and we will try to explore that.
What is the actual root cause of each of these problems?
Also, we will discuss the solution to each of these problems off base table.
In fact, each of these problems have a common solution, and that solution is called multilevel packaging.
So let us discuss each of these problems one by one and try to analyze that, how multi-level Beijing
addresses each of these problems in the coming lectures.